---
author: tejas17
comments: true
date: 2012-10-21 04:44:09+00:00
layout: post
link: https://tkalawatia.wordpress.com/2012/10/21/talking-points-10212012/
slug: talking-points-10212012
title: Talking Points - 10/21/2012
wordpress_id: 99
categories:
- Football
tags:
- Barclays Premier League
- chelsea
- comment
- English Premier League
- juan mata
- Manchester United
- news
- rio ferdinand
- soccer
- sports
- stoke city
- Tottenham Hotspur
- white hart lane
---

Hi all, I am back. It’s been a long time since I wrote something but matters haven’t helped as it was one of the most boring international breaks in living memory which got extended by a day as we had to witness England struggle to a point at Warsaw in Poland. Well finally it got over and now we have can happily pronounce that the premier league has begun as the season kicks off with no breaks proper between now and the mid-February. Which all leads to some breathtaking football non-stop for the coming months; enough of this!

Coming to the games that were played yesterday, and I did happen to watch quite a few, and I would like to cover each and every one of them in detail as the week progresses. First let’s take a bird’s eye view of what really happened yesterday. These were some of the talking point:



	
  1. Rio Ferdinand snubbed the kick-it-out campaign by going against his manager’s wishes and refusing to wear the t-shirt in the pre-match warm-ups. Quite a sensible move if you ask me. The events that have taken place over the weeks where the FA have come clear in no uncertain terms that John Terry DID racially abuse Anton Ferdinand and only got away because of some contrived evidence has hurt Rio a lot plus the events in Serbia last week involving the under 21 team and all the fracas surrounding it which engulfed the Prime Minister too has made for some very uneasy reading.

	
  2. Chelsea beat Spurs at White Hart Lane to continue their brilliant start to the season. Some of their football was breathtaking at times, and this is Chelsea we are talking about! We were treated to a feisty encounter at the Lane yesterday as each team tried to land one sucker punch after another; Chelsea ran out comprehensive winners courtesy of a Juan Mata master class. Are you watching Mr.Del Bosque. Di Matteo must be one happy man when he learnt that Mata was left out from the qualifiers.

	
  3. Liverpool finally won at Anfield after a Raheem Sterling goal to record their first home win. That eases some of the pressure from Rodgers shoulders. This is such a young team and Rodgers is doing brilliant with the way their playing at the moment. Coming fixtures are easy and they will be expected to gain all three in each of them.

	
  4. Manchester united recorded another win at home after some wobbles early on as they beat Stoke 4-2. Defence is still a concern and so is the midfield. But I have been whinging on this for quite some time and I won’t go into it again. Point to note was the breathtaking attacking football between our front three yesterday as Robin Van Persie, Rooney and Welbeck were simply brilliant yesterday. We have our own attacking triumvirate in answer to Chelsea’s attacking quartet.

	
  5. Manchester city recorded a come from behind 2-1 win as they beat West Brom at the Hawthorns and I am yet to watch the highlights of the game so making a comment now would not be sensible.

	
  6. In other results, Swansea beat Wigan 2-1; Fulham comounded Paul Lambert’s misery as they grabbed a late winner at Craven Cottage. West ham United recorded a 4-1 win over Southampton as they saw off the sloppy saints courtesy of Jamie Noble and Kevin Nolan.


That’s all for now;

Till next time……………………………………………….
